what motivates you:	
My motivation is to learn new skills, and be better version of myself when compared to yesterday.. Learning skills and gain experience out of it.

In terms of my next career move, I see myself advancing into a leadership role within my current technology. As an experienced professional, I aim to utilize my diverse skill set, cross-functional expertise, and creative problem-solving abilities to make a significant impact. Taking up the responsibility and  contribute to organisational growth and self growth is vital to my long-term career satisfaction.

And coming to required support,.. I am actively seeking support from individuals who have excelled in similar career paths. Establishing strong connections with professionals who can share their experience, and advice would provide invaluable guidance.

Appreciations and support that I received from the team motivates me



1. Neeraja is quick good learner and worked as an individual contributor to fulfill client requirements.

2. I would suggest Neeraja to register herself on iAspire portal and work on her primary skill.


Deliver solutions with zero bug thereby reducing business impact. Complete the solutioning on timely manner so that customer can use the solutions efficiently. Takes important and timely decisions that creates the desired impact on all stake holders.

Learn newly emerging technologies and expand the knowledge base. Making use of opportunities for learning that the job as well as Accenture provides.


Make decisions and takes action which is consistent with Accenture's core values and with the principles mentioned in our code of conduct. In the pursuit of results, acts with a high degree of integrity and responsibility

Sharing the knowledge and supporting the individuals in need based on my experience can help them reduce their work stress and makes their tasks easy.


	
I’m actively seeking out opportunities to collaborate with colleagues and teams from different parts of the business, and working together towards shared goals.

I have tried to build good relationships with clients by being responsive, collaborative, and proactive in identifying opportunities to add value to their businesses.

I had been transparent and honest in all interactions, and always acting with integrity and professionalism.


r
Answer
I have taken up the work which is assigned to me and also helped other collegues to get the work done.

I had multiple meetings with client and colleagues to interacted with them whenever required

I had extended my working hours as well for many times..


As a Tableau developer, my main impact lies in requirement gathering and developing visuals in tableau.

I do this by understanding the requirement, analysing the data provided and researching on the same to visualise the data as per the client requirements.

Gaining experience in managing migration projects, aligning business requirements from client and coordinating with various stakeholders would enhance my ability to deliver successful migration solutions.

I helped my colleagues who needs help from me and shared the knowledge in the same technology

Staying up-to-date with the latest advancements in Tableau visualisation tool through attending official conferences, webinars, and specialized training programs which is essential for professional growth as a Tableau developer
